fix: hover color for scrollbar (replacing red for debugging) (#2)
MadLittleMods/zed-theme-vscode-light-plus: CHANGELOG.md

### *upcoming*

 - Add default terminal colors, https://github.com/MadLittleMods/zed-theme-vscode-light-plus/pull/1

>  - Add new vscode scrollbar color. Contributed by @iamDecode, https://github.com/MadLittleMods/zed-theme-vscode-light-plus/pull/2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Align scrollbar colors to upstream theme (including scrollbar hover color). Contributed by @iamDecode, https://github.com/MadLittleMods/zed-theme-vscode-light-plus/pull/2
```
